welcome to Skyrim mod collections today
we're gonna look at some mods that may
seem small but in fact can end up making
a game incredibly immersive obviously
this video could contain thousands of
mods but I've decided to choose the ones
I've used the longest so without further
ado let's jump straight in the first mod
is firewood HD which quite simply
replaces the firewood texture something
about it really appeals to me and has
prompted me to keep hold of it for a
long time and the model has done a
really good job and the opposite in 1k
and 2k which is what you currently seen
so the next mod is high-definition IV
it's another very simple moderate places
the IV texture on trees the reason this
mod was created was due to the lack of
aviary textures in bigger mods and as
you can see the model has made it look
as good as possible
another really great mod now we'll move
on to something a little bit more
noticeable which is the rustic alchemy
and enchanting tables mod it's the
nicest retexture of the crafting
stations I've seen and I plan on keeping
it for a lot longer and I like the fact
that this mod sticks with the game's
original look at the change of small
details to make it look more fresh and
unique for someone who's used to the
vanilla textures like myself another mod
I really enjoy is the nightingale Prime
HD mod and obviously it read textures
the nightingale armor and this was the
armor I used for a long time before I
actually acquired the guild masters
armor that you see me wearing there this
is my favourite retexture that I was
using at the time and finally we're on
to our last mod this mod is a lot bigger
than the rest of these and this is the
unique dragon priest masks mod being a
proud owner of all of the dragon priests
masks I decide to give them a more
interesting look since they were on
display in my house and I definitely
wasn't let down
I think the masks each have a truly
unique look and it makes a lot more fun
to have them around it also makes the
dragon priests themselves more exciting
to fight each having a very unique look
and it adds a bit more to the game I
feel so that's it for this collection
video I hope you enjoyed it and yeah
basically these mods are just the kind
of mods you add once you've got your
text your mods sorted out and your game
looks great and you just want to add
that little bit extra thing just to make
it a little bit more immersive and to
fill up as much texture space as you can
at the moment I think my favorite out of
all these mods is the rustic alchemy and
enchanting tables
and I like the way the motto in the
description mentions that they don't
grow on trees aren't crafted by local
craftsmen and that they sort of like
ancient artifacts and that's what this
mod really brings across nicely and
another model which I almost forgot
about because it's been so long though
since I used it was the unique dragon
priest mascot
I used that the whole time when I was
trying to kill all these dragon priests
and trekking across Skyrim it's very
difficult and the mask just made it a
lot more fun because they every time I
found a dragon priest I was wondering
what they'd look like and I didn't know
what to expect which was a lot of fun
there's a much bigger sense of
achievement when you find a mask that
looks completely different from the last
one you found rather than just a
slightly different color so yeah that's
it and I hope to see you in my next
collection video